This folder contains the scripts used to explore, understand and test the mvcwt package. All test files were applied on the group Cormoran/HeronEgret. All outputs from these scripts are in the same folder

* `test_smoothing.r` plots the index for different values of smoothin
* `wmr_boot.r` is taken from wmr.boot in the mvcwt package but was used to output the empirical cumulated distribution function instead of Pr(X<=x) 
* `extract_boot.r` is taken from wmr.boot in the mvwt package but was used to output the phase-shifted wavelet decomposition
* `test_distrib_Keitt.r` was used to output distribution of the Keitt index for different combinations of scales and locs, for different number of surrogates. It also studies the values of the p-values obtained and their adjustments with an FDR correction. The file `compare_distrib.pdf` shows the ecdf for different scale/loc, `pvalue_for*rands.pdf` show the image of the p-values instead of the value of the Keitt index (this is also shown on the files `wavelet_wader_waterfowlNOTscalednocorrection_pvalues` and `wavelet_wader_waterfowlscalednocorrection_pvalues` for the communities of waders and waterfowl), `CompareBHBY_index_*rands.pdf` show the significance that can be obtained with and without FDR correction, `values_for_pval0_*rands.pdf` show the distribution of the Keitt index under H0 for pixels in which p-value==0, `diff_for_pval0_*rands` show the distribution of the difference between the observed values and the quantiles 5% and 95% of the index under H0. `iaaft_surrogate` show the distribution obtained with IAAFT surrogates.
* `test_wavelet_scaleloc.r` compared different wavelet modulus ratios for different number of scales and locations (first goal was to reduce the size of the files without compromising the results). The files `reference_image-1.png`(423x423) `halfloc_halfscales_image.pdf` (212x212), `thirdloc_thirdscales_image.pdf`, `quarterloc_quarterscales_image*.pdf` (106x106 with and without FDR-correction) and `smallscale_image.pdf` (100 scales and 212 locations) are obtained with this file. 
* `mvcwt_test.r` was just used to study mvcwt line by line

